idea 1:
	I would like to create an app/web/mobile site using the wmata api to determine at anytime if and/or how many parking spaces are available at any metro station garage.  For example, if a person is approaching a metro station, they can check the app/website to see how many available parking spots are available.  The home page would be a dashboard categorized by cities that drill down to metro stations in that area.  Clicking on a metro station would provide the needed information.  I would also like to provide some type of visualization chart showing at what times during the day are the most busiest.

idea 2:
	I would like to create an app that would allow a shopper to easily find items in any store. There would be a site or app that they would enter in all the items they would like to buy and the app would let them know what isle it is located and the price.  It will also give them a total of what they plan on buying.  Not sure if it's possible, but the app/site would allow them to enter in any coupons they may have and show them their potential savings.

idea 3:
	This app is called "Build your bridge".  There is a chasm between where we are now and where we would like to be. To get to where we want to be, we need to build a bridge 1 brick (goal) at a time.  This app would allow the user to enter in where they would like to be professionally/financially/personally/etc. in 1 week/month/year(s) allowing them to foucs on closing the chasm.  It will let them list out what must be done to get to their goal or destination. Everyday or however frequent, they would get a reminder on their todo's.  The app would have a visual representation of a bridge and how far along they are to completion.